4/27/23
To do
Create lazy loading
	Use intersection observer 
Make the homepage a wall feed 
Allow users' post to show up in their profile page. 
Create search functionality
Create abilty to filter through posts
Need to configure how posts and comments should show up if the owners' accounts are deleted from database 

4/26/23
Here is a huge issue I just realized. 
If you can make an error in the client that causes the server to crash, the crash will not be fixed until the server is manually restarted. 
How do you guard against this? 

The profile page goes blank if you are not logged in.

4/26/12
The like component for user photos is not working. 
The toolbar of the tinyMCE editor juts out in mobile view

To Do: 
Test out deleting user photo functionality 

4/21/23
To do
Refine the mobile menu 
Create lazy loading
	Use intersection observer 
Make the homepage a wall feed 
Create ownership of categories or communties 
Allow users' post to show up in their profile page. 
Allows uploading of many images in profile page. 
Create search functionality
Create abilty to filter through posts
[SOLVED]Figure out an alternative way to upload photos without the need save the photos onto the server. 
Find a way to allow users to clear their pre-existing photos. 

Optional-create chat functionality and notifications with web sockets 

4/19/23
Pay attention to the state variable that is used to render replies of each comment  

ToDo :
Create EditComment function
Create DeleteReply Funcion
Create function posting a reply to a reply 

4/15/23
How will the comment system will be constructed. 
There will be two types of comments. 
1. Comments that reply to the main thread 
2. Comments that reply to other comments. 

The post keeps track of all the comments that are replies to it. 
The main thread comments keeps track of all of its own replies. 

The replies keep track of the parent comment 
The replies pass down the parent comment to its own replies
The comment keeps track of all its replies and replies of replies 

When the post loads, it loads all the comments with array.map()
When the comments mount, it renders all replies with array.map()


Sample of series of events when a comment gets added to post as a reply.
Parent adds comment to 'comments' array.
Comment adds parent ID to 'post' field. 

Series of events when someone replies to a comment. 
Comment adds ID of reply to 'replies' array. 
Reply stores the author's usernamne and object ID of the comment that it is replying to 

Series of events when someone replies to a reply 
The parent reply passes the object ID of the comment to the child reply. 
Reply stores the author and object ID of the comment that it is replying to.
The root comment keeps track of the objectId of the new reply.


4/14/23

How should the comments be retrieved 
A single post are retrieved 
The comments get populated 
The author gets populuted 
Each comment get rendered with the Array.map() method


4/11/23
To-do 
Check to see if drafts are working. 
Resolve issue with editing post. 
Make saving images work. 
Render images onto the main panel. 
Fix issue with abstract. 
Abstract character limit in the server may not be measuring the correct number.

On client side, when editing a post, the character counter does reflect the preloaded content in abstract field. 

4/11/23
Updating tags on the post 
If user deletes tags, the app compares the prior list of the tags with the updated list of tags. 
Once the form is submitted, the prior list of tags is compared with the current list of tags and return a list of tags to be removed from post.
On the client side, the updated tag list is to be copied over the existing tag list in the Post document. 
You have tags that the user wants to keep and you don't need to do anything else for them.
You have tags you want to delete.
You have tags that you want to add. 
updatedlist= PriorList - Delete + A + K
Added tags don't have ObjectIds 
Compare the PriorList with the tags to be kept to find the difference. 


4/5/23
Regarding the post
Users should be allowed to save a draft. 
There will be two separate buttons that submits the form:
One for saving the draft.
One for publishing it. 

Another method is to create two separte forms. 

Question is should there be two separate versions of post. 


4/5/23
Tiny MCE requires the useof Tiny Cloud method to work.
https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/6/react-cloud/
The account used to retrieve the API key is hualbert.y@gmail.com

3/29/23
I added the components folder path to 'content' of tailwind.config.js and the tailwind styling 
for the header and footer worked.




Pages to be built 
User profile/User's page 
Edit User profile
 
Main Page for all posts 
thread page 
Page for posting and editing a thread 

Category page 
List of users

Testing task: 
test out the like feature